UNIT FILE                      STATE   VENDOR PRESET
pipewire-media-session.service enabled enabled      
pipewire-pulse.service         enabled enabled      
xdg-user-dirs-update.service   enabled enabled      
dirmngr.socket                 enabled enabled      
gcr-ssh-agent.socket           enabled enabled      
gpg-agent-browser.socket       enabled enabled      
gpg-agent-extra.socket         enabled enabled      
gpg-agent-ssh.socket           enabled enabled      
gpg-agent.socket               enabled enabled      
p11-kit-server.socket          enabled enabled      
pipewire-pulse.socket          enabled enabled      
pipewire.socket                enabled enabled      

12 unit files listed.


UNIT FILE                         STATE   VENDOR PRESET
bluetooth-autoconnect.service     enabled disabled     
bluetooth-mesh.service            enabled disabled     
bluetooth.service                 enabled disabled     
fonthelper.service                enabled disabled     
getty@.service                    enabled enabled      
haveged.service                   enabled disabled     
logid.service                     enabled disabled     
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service enabled disabled     
NetworkManager.service            enabled disabled     
nohang-desktop.service            enabled disabled     
touchegg.service                  enabled disabled     
remote-fs.target                  enabled enabled      
fstrim.timer                      enabled disabled     
